\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename cl-opengl.info
@settitle CL-OpenGL User Manual
@exampleindent 2

@c ============================= Macros =============================
@c The following macros are used throughout this manual. Taken from
@c the CFFI User Manual, most of them written by Stephen Compall.

@macro Function {args}
@defun \args\
@end defun
@end macro

@macro Macro {args}
@defmac \args\
@end defmac
@end macro

@macro Accessor {args}
@deffn {Accessor} \args\
@end deffn
@end macro

@macro GenericFunction {args}
@deffn {Generic Function} \args\
@end deffn
@end macro

@macro Type {args}
@deftp {Type} \args\
@end deftp
@end macro

@macro Variable {args}
@defvr {Special Variable} \args\
@end defvr
@end macro

@macro Condition {args}
@deftp {Condition Type} \args\
@end deftp
@end macro

@macro clopengl
@sc{cl-opengl}
@end macro

@macro impnote {text}
@quotation
@strong{Implementor's note:} @emph{\text\}
@end quotation
@end macro

@c Info "requires" that x-refs end in a period or comma, or ) in the
@c case of @pxref.  So the following implements that requirement for
@c the "See also" subheadings that permeate this manual, but only in
@c Info mode.
@c
@c Most of them are also dictionary symbols, so I use this also to
@c print a pretty section name.  Non-dictionary seealsos should not
@c exist; refer to them inline in the descriptive text.
@ifinfo
@macro seealso {name}
@ref{\name\}.
@end macro
@end ifinfo

@ifnotinfo
@alias seealso = ref
@end ifnotinfo

@c ============================= Macros =============================


@c Show types, functions, and concepts in the same index.
@syncodeindex tp cp
@syncodeindex fn cp

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2006, Oliver Markovic <entrox at entrox.org> @*
Copyright @copyright{} 2006, Lu@'{@dotless{i}}s Oliveira
  <loliveira at common-lisp.net>

@quotation
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

@itemize @bullet
@item
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

@item
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

@item
Neither the name of the author nor the names of the contributors may
be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without specific prior written permission.
@end itemize

@sc{This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors
``as is'' and any express or implied warranties, including, but not
limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for
a particular purpose are disclaimed.  In no event shall the copyright
owner or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not
limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use,
data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any
theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort
(including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use
of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.}
@end quotation
@end copying

@titlepage
@title @clopengl{} User Manual
@c @subtitle Version X.X
@c @author foobar

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@top cl-opengl
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::                
* OpenGL::                      
* Comprehensive Index::         
@end menu

@c ===================================================================
@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

@clopengl{} is a set of @acronym{CFFI} bindings to @sc{OpenGL}
2.0. @acronym{GLU} and Free@acronym{GLUT} bindings are also
included.

Notice that the @acronym{GLUT} bindings are mostly provided
for the purpose of supporting the examples included in the
distribution and you are free to use another windowing toolkit.

@c ===================================================================
@node OpenGL
@chapter OpenGL

@c ===================================================================
@node GLU
@chapter GLU

@c ===================================================================
@node GLUT
@chapter GLUT

@c ===================================================================
@node Comprehensive Index
@unnumbered Index
@printindex cp

@bye
